[WIP] Revamped octane tutorial (#1002)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/tutorial/13.md

Next, let's add the image for the rental property. We will use the component generator for this again.

```
ember generate component rental/image
```

This time, we had a slash in the component's name. This resulted in the component being created at `app/components/rental/image.hbs` instead of at the root of `app/components`. This component can be invoked as `<Rental::Image>`.

> Components like these are known as *[namespaced](TODO: link to namespaced)* components. They allow us to organize our components by folders according to their purpose. This is completely optional – namespaced components are not special in any way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components like these are known as *[namespaced](TODO: link to namespaced)* components. Namespacing allows us to organize our components by folders according to their purpose. This is completely optional &mdash; namespaced components are not special in any way.
```

Let's edit the component's template:

```handlebars {data-filename="app/components/rental/image.hbs"}
<div class="image">
  <img ...attributes>
</div>
```

Instead of hard-coding specific `src` and `alt` attributes on the `<img>` tag, we opted for the `...attributes` keyword instead, which is also sometimes referred to as *["splattributes"](TODO: link to splattributes)* syntax. This allows arbitrary HTML attributes to be passed in when invoking this component:

```handlebars {data-filename="app/components/rental.hbs" data-diff="+2,+3,+4,+5,+6"}
<article class="rental">
  <Rental::Image
    src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cb/Crane_estate_(5).jpg"
    alt="A picture of Grand Old Mansion"
  />

  <div class="details">
    <!-- ...snip... -->
  </div>
</article>
```

> We specified a `src` and an `alt` HTML attribute here, which will be passed along to the component and attached to the element where `...attributes` is specified. You can think of this as being similar to `{{yield}}`, but for HTML attributes specifically, instead of for any content. In fact, we used this feature earlier when we passed a `class` attribute to `<LinkTo>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We specified a `src` and an `alt` HTML attribute here, which will be passed along to the component and attached to the element where `...attributes` is invoked. You can think of this as being similar to `{{yield}}`, but for HTML attributes rather than displayed content. In fact, we used this feature earlier when we passed a `class` attribute to `<LinkTo>`.
```

> This way, our `<Rental::Image>` component is not coupled to any specific rental property on the site. Of course, the problem still exists, we simply moved it to the `<Rental>` component, but we will deal with that soon. We can try to limit all the hard-coding to the `<Rental>` component, so that we will have an easier time cleaning it up when we switch to fetching real data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, our `<Rental::Image>` component is not coupled to any specific rental property on the site. Of course, the hard-coding problem still exists (we simply moved it to the `<Rental>` component), but we will deal with that soon. We can try to limit all the hard-coding to the `<Rental>` component, so that we will have an easier time cleaning it up when we switch to fetching real data.
```

> In general, it is a good idea to add `...attributes` to the primary element in your component. This will allow for maximum flexibility as the invoker may need to pass along classes for styling, or ARIA attributes to improve accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, it is a good idea to add `...attributes` to the primary element in your component. This will allow for maximum flexibility, as the invoker may need to pass along classes for styling, or ARIA attributes to improve accessibility.
```

    assert.dom('.image img').hasAttribute('src', '/assets/images/teaching-tomster.png');
    assert.dom('.image img').hasAttribute('alt', 'Teaching Tomster');
  });
});
```

Finally, we should also update the tests for the `<Rental>` component to confirm that we successfully invoked `<Rental::Image>`.

<!-- TODO: format diff -->
```
import { module, test } from 'qunit';
import { setupRenderingTest } from 'ember-qunit';
import { render } from '@ember/test-helpers';
import hbs from 'htmlbars-inline-precompile';

module('Integration | Component | rental', function(hooks) {
  setupRenderingTest(hooks);

  test('it renders information about a rental property', async function(assert) {
    await render(hbs`<Rental />`);

    assert.dom('article').hasClass('rental');
    assert.dom('article h3').containsText('Grand Old Mansion');
    assert.dom('article .detail.owner').containsText('Veruca Salt');
    assert.dom('article .detail.type').containsText('Standalone');
    assert.dom('article .detail.location').containsText('San Francisco');
    assert.dom('article .detail.bedrooms').containsText('15');
    assert.dom('article .image').exists();
  });
});
```

> Because we already tested `<Rental::Image>` extensively on its own, we can omit the details here and keep our assertion to the bare minimum. That way, we won't have to _also_ update the `<Rental>` tests whenever we make any changes to `<Rental::Image>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because we already tested `<Rental::Image>` extensively on its own, we can omit the details here and keep our assertion to the bare minimum. That way, we won't  _also_ have to update the `<Rental>` tests whenever we make changes to `<Rental::Image>`.
```
